Community Guidelines
We created Loudr® to give you the power to distribute your content online, as well as to discover, share and discuss content with others. This is a set of Community Guidelines to help you understand the Loudr platform and to establish few basic ground rules. You should be aware that by using Loudr, you are also subject to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Copyright Policy. 
 
Rights
Copyrights are incredibly important to us and to our community, which includes songwriters, performers, and other content creators. We expect our community to respect the ownership of the content that is shared, to give credit where it is due, and to take responsibility for what is shared.
 
Content Sharing
Likewise, we care immensely about the rights of those who participate and share content with our community. By sharing or posting things to Loudr, you are giving us permission to publish and distribute what you have posted, to the extent outlined in our Terms of Use and, if you're an artist or label, our Music Services Agreement. You are not giving us ownership of your work. You should probably try to hang onto that if you can.
 
Trolls 
An audience is by nature social, so we've built Loudr to be a social place. To this end, we ask you to be kind to others or at least to remember that there is a person behind every username. If you observe inappropriate or illegal behavior on Loudr, including abusive, defamatory, obscene or racist comments or posts that violate local rules regarding online conduct, please send us an email at support@loudr.fm.
 
Our Brand
It's hard to draw a good wolf logo. We ask that you respect the time it took for us to make Loudr look the way it does. You may not use our branding and site design without our permission, and should refer to our Brand Guidelines if you wish to make use of our trademarks, the Loudr Wolf or any other brand elements. 
 
Spam
A little self-promotion is fine; a lot of self-promotion is really annoying. Feel free to post links to your own content, but bear in mind that we reserve the right to take down content if it is reported as spam or if it creates technical issues for us. Likewise, we also ask that you respect the members of our community by not contacting them directly for commercial purposes without their consent. 
 
User Names 
You can use Loudr by logging in with a third party service, such as Facebook or Twitter, or by creating a user name on Loudr. Loudr user names are generally allocated on a first come, first served basis. Please don’t use a misleading name, such as a name that impersonates someone else or a brand owned by someone else, even if you are the world's biggest fan. Please don’t create multiple accounts for disruptive or abusive purposes. If someone is impersonating you or infringing on your trademark, please send us an email at support@loudr.fm. 
 
Like the Internet itself, Loudr is a large community that is continually growing and changing. Because of this, these guidelines are a work in progress, and we may revise them from time to time. The most current version will always live here at http://loudr.fm/legal/community-guidelines.
 
While we reserve the right to suspend or terminate accounts used for activity that is prohibited here or in our Terms or that violates our Policies, we'd much rather have you here as part of our community, so we hope you'll keep these guidelines in mind as you explore Loudr.
 
Updated January 21, 2015
