Loudr® Store Terms of Use.
Please carefully read the Loudr® Store Terms of Use (“Loudr Store Terms”), which constitute a legally binding supplement to the Terms of Use, which you have already accepted by using the Services, and which the Loudr Store Terms incorporate by reference. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.

1. Acceptance of Terms of Use

The Loudr Store Terms are a contract between you and Loudr that, together with the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Copyright Policy, govern your use of, access to and interaction with any of the artist or release pages under the Loudr domain at http://loudr.fm and any of its subdomains or pages, regardless of whether accessed through the website or a third party platform (“Loudr Store”).

By viewing, sharing, interacting with, streaming content or purchasing content from of any portion of the Loudr Store, you hereby agree to the Loudr Store Terms and acknowledge that your access to the Services is subject to the Terms.

2. Description of the Service

The Loudr Store is a platform that enables consumers to preview, purchase, download, stream, and share content, as well as submit follow requests, and purchases that result in a change to a leaderboard.

3. Your Loudr Account

Loudr, and any content provided to you through your Loudr Account, is offered to you on a non-exclusive basis for your sole, personal, non-commercial consumption. You may access the Services solely to find information about, preview, follow, share, and/or purchase materials posted by content owners, as intended through the normal functionality of the Services.

If you are interested in using your Loudr account to distribute content or secure licenses, please review our Music Services Agreement or our Licensing Agreement.

4. Your Use of the Loudr Store

By accessing the Loudr Store, you represent and warrant that you are located in the United States of America or its territories and possessions, and that you have the right and authority to enter into these Terms.

The Loudr Store provides you with the ability to interact with content, including without limitation, the ability to submit likes, follow requests, and leaderboard entries (“User Content”). You hereby grant to us and to our users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, license to use, store, display, reproduce, modify, perform, and distribute your User Content on Loudr throughout the Universe, solely for the purposes of operating, developing, and providing our Services to you. In addition, you represent, warrant, and agree that you own or have all licenses and rights to use, display and distribute User Content, and to authorize Loudr to do the same.

You hereby agree to abide by the Community Guidelines, as well as all applicable local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data from the country in which you reside. We reserve the right to suspend accounts and remove any material you post at any time and for any reason, including content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable, or that violate of a third party’s intellectual property or other legal rights.

You may not use Loudr for any illegal or unauthorized purposes. You may not use the Services in a way that could damage its content or impair its operation in any way. You agree not to access, or attempt to access, any of the Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Loudr, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement by Loudr. You specifically agree not to access, or attempt to access, any of the Services through any automated means, including use of scripts, bots, or intelligent agents, except for the purpose of facilitating access to content that you have purchased, engaging in search indexing in accordance with our Robot Exclusion Protocol, or accessing any application programming interfaces, or so-called “APIs”, that we have provided in accordance with our API rules. You also understand that by using the Services you may be exposed to content created by third parties, including but not limited to content created by advertisers, or content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable.

5. Content Rights

Other than duly licensed third party content, the copyrights to the material made available and sold through the Loudr Store are owned or administered by the Loudr users who have distributed the material.

Loudr provides content created and uploaded by third parties. Because we have no control over such content, you acknowledge and agree that Loudr is not responsible for and does not assume responsibility or accept liability for any music files, content, advertising, products, or other materials on or made available by third parties through the Services, including but not limited to User Content. You further acknowledge and agree that Loudr shall not be responsible for or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or made in connection with the use of or reliance on any such music files, content, goods, or services available on or through the Services.

6. Payments

A valid credit card or bank account is required in order to purchase music in the Loudr Store using either a live payment gateway or a third-party payment processing service. Please note that prices are subject to change at any time, and that all fees are exclusive of all federal, provincial, state, or other governmental sales, goods, and services, harmonized or other taxes, fees, or charges now in force or enacted in the future. Loudr does not provide refunds.

7. Revision

We may revise the Loudr Store Terms from time to time in accordance with the policies set forth in our Terms of Use.

Any questions you may have or requests to discuss individual account needs may be sent to support@loudr.fm.

Last Updated -- March 10, 2015
