Privacy Policy

We respect and protect the privacy of our users and take measures to safeguard your personal information. Please carefully read this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”), which explains how the Company handles the personal information that we receive and collect when you use our Services, including, without limitation, the Loudr® website and its applications.
 
This Privacy Policy is a legally binding supplement to our Terms of Use, located at www.loudr.fm/legal/terms-of-use, which you have already accepted by using the Services, and which this Privacy Policy incorporates by reference. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.  
 
What Data We Collect
 
When you make a purchase on our Services, we may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, nickname, mailing address, email address, phone number, and photos. We will ask you to create a password for your Loudr account, and you may provide us with additional email addresses and other information that we will link to your account. With your permission, we may also access other profile and personal information from third-party services such as Facebook and Twitter. Such information may include usernames, profile pictures, and other such data that you have posted on third-party sites and services.
 
The contents of any entry that you post to or share through the Services, including any text, images, photos, videos, audio, and associated location information, are stored and maintained on our servers in order to publish these items and provide the Services. This content will be associated with your account. 
 
When you use our Services, our systems may also associate personal information with your activities in the course of providing Services to you, such as how often you use the Services, the pages you view, the things you buy, the things you search for, the type of browser you use, your IP address, and information collected through cookies and similar technology. 
 
When you send email or other communication to the Company, we may also retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our Services.
 
How We Use Data
 
We maintain and process your personal information in order to provide our Services to you. 
 
We use your name, email address, and other identifiable information provided by you to send you the updates and notifications that you have selected in the "Settings" of your account. We also share this information, along with transaction-related information, with the artists, record labels, and other content owners from whom you make purchases or with whom you transact using our Services, or with other trusted partners, provided that you have authorized us to share this information in the Settings. The information we collect may be used to facilitate the delivery of our Services and shared with trusted partners in order to provide you with relevant advertising, offers, or services. You will always have the opportunity to review and change the Settings that control the types of communications you receive from us, as well as the opportunity to expressly opt out of or into the disclosure of any identifiable personal information to third parties. 
 
In addition to the above, we use certain user information to better understand, as well as help our artists and partners better understand, how users interact with our Services. This information is commonly made available by web browsers and servers, and among other data, may include information about browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. We may process this information for such purposes as:
 
•  Fulfilling purchases and other transactions;
•  Sending you information related to your account or other Services;
•  Providing analytics to partners and other third-parties;
•  Auditing, research, and analysis in order to maintain, protect, and improve our Services;
•  Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and
•  Developing new services and features.
 
To operate the Services, we may also make other information, whether identifiable or anonymous, available to third parties in limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution, or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
 
California residents are legally entitled, at no charge and no more than once annually, to request information about how we may have shared your information with others for direct marketing purposes. Please contact us for this information:
 
re:discover, Inc., d/b/a Loudr
4002 26th St.
San Francisco, CA. 94131
E-Mail: privacy@rdscover.com
 
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from individuals under the age of 18 who have not obtained permission from parent(s) or legal guardian(s) to use the Services. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so that we can remove the information.
 
Third Parties And Third Party Services 
 
We may use your name, email address, and other information provided by you to enable you to share content in a variety of ways, including through third-party platforms. We do not store passwords for third-party services.
 
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of outside services, platforms, websites, or applications, and suggest that you review the relevant third-party privacy policy before sharing your personal information with a third party.
 
Despite our policy against using personal information without user consent, you should also be aware that what you share through our Services may be discovered by third parties without our involvement, including, without limitation, search engine crawlers, bots, and the like. We recommend that you take that into consideration whenever you share something.
 
 
Security
 
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business. We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against the unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
 
Access to Data; Account Deletion
 
We remove personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email, or phone number) and other preferences associated with your account after you disable your account. We may retain other data indefinitely. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
 
You can sign into your account to view, change, or remove any personally identifiable information associated with your account. You can also contact us at legal@rdscover.com to bring any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy to our attention. It may take up to fourteen (14) business days for us to process your request.
 
Revision
 
We may revise our Privacy Policy from time to time in accordance with the policies set forth in our Terms of Use.
 
Updated January 21, 2015
